Overhaul documentation and add contributing guide (#86)
executablebooks/github-activity: docs/contribute.md

# Contributor guide

These sections describe how you can make contributions to this theme.

## Run the tests

> The easiest way to run the test suite is using `nox`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to run the test suite is using [`nox`](https://nox.readthedocs.io/).
```
Nox isn't as well known as the typical Python testing tools, so helpful to include a link.

This will install the local version of the package and run the test suite.

```bash
nox -s test
```

## Build the documentation

The easiest way to build the documentation locally is using `nox`.
To do so, run this command:

```bash
nox -s docs
```

To build the documentation with a liveserver that will automatically reload to show previews of your changes, use:

```bash
nox -s docs -- live
```

## Make a release

The easiest way to make a release is to follow these steps:

1. **Bump the version in `__init__.py` and push it to master**.
   We try to use [semver version numbers](https://semver.org/) but don't stress out about it too much.

>    - In your commit message use something like `RLS: vX.X.X`.

Reviewer: What level of contributor is this guide aimed at? Does `RLS: ` already make sense to them (I presume it's short for release)?

>    - In your commit message use something like `RLS: vX.X.X`.

Author: ```suggestion
   - In your commit message use something like `RLS: vX.Y.Z`.
```

>    - Add a changelog to `CHANGELOG.md`[^1].

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a `nox` command to generate the new changelog entry, if only to print out on the console?

2. **Draft a new release on GitHub**.
   Under the [`releases` page](https://github.com/executablebooks/github-activity/releases) click [the `Draft a New Release` button](https://github.com/executablebooks/github-activity/releases/new).
   - Connect the release to your release commit.

>    - Create a new tag for the release called `vM.m.p`.

Reviewer: I think `vX.X.X` as used above (or `vX.Y.Z` as used on https://semver.org/) is clearer than `vM.m.p`, it took me a while to realise it was just Major.minor.patch and not an abbreviation for something!
